README.md, before:

# HWR OOP Lecture Project - Bowling

This repository contains a student project created for an ongoing lecture on object-oriented programming with Java at HWR Berlin (summer term 2023).

> :warning: This code is for educational purposes only. Do not rely on it!

## Abstract

[TODO]: <> (Write a short description of your project.)
[TODO]: <> (State most important features.)
[TODO]: <> (State the most interesting problems you encountered during the project.)

## Feature List

[TODO]: <> (Add a new row to the table for every completed feature.)

| Number | Feature | Tests |
|--------|---------|-------|
| 1      | /       | /     |


## Additional Dependencies

[TODO]: <> (Add a new row to the table for every required dependency.)

| Number | Dependency Name | Dependency Description | Why is it necessary? |
|--------|-----------------|------------------------|----------------------|
| 1      | /               | /                      | /                    |

## Contributing

### Für jede Funktion wird zuerst ein Test geschrieben!
### Jede Funktion wird mit JavaDoc kommentiert.

Commit message:

Add Player class to prepare bonus points calculation with multiple rounds

README.md, after:

# HWR OOP Lecture Project - Bowling

This repository contains a student project created for an ongoing lecture on object-oriented programming with Java at HWR Berlin (summer term 2023).

> :warning: This code is for educational purposes only. Do not rely on it!

## Abstract

[TODO]: <> (Write a short description of your project.)
This Application provides a Bowling Game.

[TODO]: <> (State most important features.)
[not implemented]: <> (Score Table Calculation)
[not implemented]: <> (User Management)
[not implemented]: <> (Automatic Winner detection)

[TODO]: <> (State the most interesting problems you encountered during the project.)
Test driven development is hard to grasp at first, but easier the more time you spend on it.

## Feature List

[TODO]: <> (Add a new row to the table for every completed feature.)

| Number | Feature | Tests |
|--------|---------|-------|
| 1      | Throws  | 4     |
| 2      | Rounds  | 5     |

## Additional Dependencies

[TODO]: <> (Add a new row to the table for every required dependency.)

| Number | Dependency Name | Dependency Description | Why is it necessary? |
|--------|-----------------|------------------------|----------------------|
| 1      | /               | /                      | /                    |

## Contributing

### Für jede Funktion wird zuerst ein Test geschrieben!
### Jede Funktion wird mit JavaDoc kommentiert.
